Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V..."
Yuya won, Zuzu lost,
and Gong ended up tying.
Madame Chairwoman, the deal was
you'd take over this school
if your team won the best
of a three‐match contest.
Your team only won one duel,
so the school stays ours.
That's absolute nonsense.
This duel is supposed to be
the tie‐breaker.
The contest can't be
decided by a draw.
It was a tie!
The last duel is over.
Then we'll have another duel.
The ones who won their duels can
duel against each other now.
Agreed?
You shouldn't
get to decide!
Leave it up to the duelists.
Your boy looks like he's
raring to go, and so are we.
Wait.
(all)
Huh?
I'll be the one to duel.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Poor Yuya must be
a nervous wreck!
If he doesn't win...
Our school's theirs.
Yuya...
Forgive Gong for failing ya!
Gong wanted to save
the You Show School.
But it wasn't meant to be.
Now it's come down to
one final duel
and all the pressure's
on you.
No, it's not.
Huh?
It looks to me like Yuya's
as cool as a penguin
on an iceberg.
I bet he's psyched that
it's all come down to him
winning this one last duel.
The future of my school's
at stake.
But I'm up for the challenge!
(Tatsuya)
All you Leo fanatics
better watch out!
(Futoshi) Your team is strong,
but we have Pendulum power!
We can't lose
with Yuya on our side!
(Tatsuya) It's gonna be
Yuya all the way!
He's number one!
(Himika) You children are
incredibly naive.
Seriously, your poor friend
doesn't stand a chance
against Declan.
(gasps)
Declan?
The time for talk is over,
don't you agree?
Out on the dueling field,
it's actions that count.
Words mean nothing.
I feel like I've seen
that guy before.
Uh, let's see now...
Declan Akaba.
Interesting.
He looks scary!
Don't worry Ally,
it will all be okay.
Yuya can
handle him easily.
But why does he look
so worried?
(Yuzu)
Hey, Yuya, perk up!
Huh?
Don't forget!
You Show trains us
to be dueltainers!
Your greatest asset
is your smile!
My smile?
She's right.
I can't let the pressure
of competition
throw me off my game.
My number one priority
has to be to have fun.
Let's make this
the most awesome duel ever!
Hope you guys are ready
'cause this is gonna be epic!
‐ All right!
‐ Go for it!
‐ Do it, Yuya!
Good. I can't wait
to see that grin
wiped off his face.
We need to pick
an Action Field.
Your school, your choice.
Pick a good one!
(thinking)
Yuya's leaving it up to me.
I honestly don't think
he understands
what he's up against.
Declan's won every dueling prize
out there.
He's a pro.
Yuya's gonna need
every advantage he can get,
and since Declan says
he doesn't care,
then I'm free
to choose a field
that suits Yuya's talents
to a T.
Get set to duel
under the big top!
I activate
the Action Field spell...
Acrobatic Circus!
(Computer)Reality combat system
energized.
Generating action field.
Only thing missing
are clowns.
Don't you worry none.
Yuya's got that covered.
Since his whole life's
a circus,
this field's
perfect for him.
Well, the stage
is all set, Yuya.
The rest is up to you now.
The Leo Institute has
chosen its champion!
Declan is set to take on
You Show's star student...
The amazing Yuya Sakaki!
You're about to witness
the ultimate School Duel!
(all)
So get ready to Action...
(both)
...Duel.
Since you did me a favor by
letting me choose the field,
I'll let you go first.
You really believe I was
doing you a favor, don't you?
Ha. That tells me a lot about
what kind of competitor you are.
All right.
I will accept your offer.
The first turn's mine.
To begin, I'm going to activate
three spell cards from my hand.
First this one.
This legally binding spell
is known as
Dark Contract With the Gate.
This spell deals me
1,000 points of damage
at the beginning
of my next turn.
Huh?
That move makes no sense!
Yeah, it's like he tryin' to
throw the duel away
when it's just starting!
However, there is a benefit.
Once each turn,
I can add a Double‐D monster
that's Level 4 or below
to my hand from my deck.
I would like to introduce you
to my Double‐D Cerberus.
Double‐D?
It stands for
"Different Dimension."
Those monsters are
out of this world.
For my second move, I will
activate this spell card.
It's the same one
I used before.
What!?
By doing that,
when his next turn comes up...
He'll be 2,000 points
weaker!
(grunts)
Once again,
I have the power
to add a Double‐D monster
to my hand
if it is Level 4 or below.
In this case, the monster
will be Double‐D Lilith.
And now I will activate
a third spell card.
It's called Dark Contract
with the Swamp King,
and like my
other Contract spells,
once my next turn starts,
I get hit with
1,000 points of damage.
Declan seems to be
taking a huge risk.
He must have something
major up his sleeve.
It's not up my sleeve,
but in my deck, Yuya.
With the power of Dark Contract
With the Swamp King,
I can summon a Fusion monster
without using a Fusion spell.
Huh?
So that's his strategy!
Now I get it.
Don't kid yourself.
You understand nothing!
Watch as I fuse Cerberus
and Lilith together!
I Fusion Summon Triple‐D Flame
King Genghis!
Oh, man.
The guy is
a fusion master!
Still, he put
a lot of points at risk
for one monster,
don't you think?
This one must be
really powerful!
It has three D's!
That's a lot of letters!
I got... a bad feeling.
I can't pin it down exactly,
but if it's as powerful
as it is terrifying,
then Yuya's in for trouble.
I can't find any record
of Declan Akaba using
Fusion Summoning
in a duel before.
He has an incredible
string of victories,
and now he's even
more powerful?
This isn't looking very
good for Yuya...
or for the You Show School!
I'm placing two cards
facedown.
It's your move.
He played all the cards
in his hand.
That's a really risky move.
Mr. Sunshine there
sure is full of himself.
If he's such a great duelist,
his school wouldn't have left
him on the bench until now.
Good point.
He could be overconfident.
(all)
Huh?
Declan must think he's
way more skilled than Yuya,
'cause he's practically
spotting him 3,000 points
at the start.
He's right!
If there's one thing
Gong can't abide,
it's a hot‐doggin'
duelist!
That skunk!
He deserves to
get his deck demolished!
Put him in his place, Yuya!
That's right! Show him
you're the best duelist!
Ja, shred that guy
like a bowl of sauerkraut!
Right!
I'll defeat Declan all right,
but I'll do it with flair!
It's showtime!
Hyah!
Please welcome,
Performapal Whip Snake!
Hyah!
All right, Whip Snake,
use your special ability!
It can hypnotize your monster
into swapping its attack
and defense points!
And just like that,
it weakens Flame King!
Which means Whip Snake is
perfectly set up to strike now!
Nice going!
Wunderbar!
It's go time!
Whip Snake, extinguish
that Fire King!
You won't be putting
anything out!
I activate the trap
Dark Contract With the Witch!
A Contract again!?
That means...
I will once again
take damage at the beginning
of my next turn.
Another 1,000 points
to be exact.
Hmm?
Meanwhile,
my Flame King Genghis
will benefit
by gaining 1,000 attack points.
(Futoshi)
But that mean's Whip Snake's
attack will go kerplunk!
I've got a few tricks
of my own,
including my High Dive!
This amazing Action Card
will boost Whip Snake
by 1,000 attack points
till the end of my turn!
Okay, Whip Snake, get back
to work and K. O. that King!
(all)
Oh, yeah!
(Futoshi)
Wait! What happened!?
(Tatsuya)
Uh‐oh!
(all gasp)
He survived?
Yes, because I activated
an Action Card of my own.
The spell card Evasion
to be precise.
Couldn't have
done it better myself.
Huh? Seems to be
an even match.
Well, I disagree!
Yeah, Declan still has to
pay off four Contracts.
When they come due
at the start of his turn,
they'll cost him
4,000 life points.
He's toast!
(Yuzu) All Yuya has to do
is end his turn now,
and Declan won't know
what hit him!
Yeah, and then
it'll be game over!
Easy‐peasy!
Declan blundered big time!
Don't judge a candy bar
by its wrapper.
Think about it, guys.
Why would he leave himself
so defenseless
unless he had other plans?
Did you notice what happened
when Whip Snake
attacked his King?
Just before impact,
Genghis's attack points
went back down to 1,500.
There had to be a reason.
It makes sense for Yuya to go
for the easy win here,
but if he does,
I'm afraid he could be
marching straight into
an enemy trap!
(chuckling)
I don't see
what's so funny.
Of course you don't.
What made me laugh was
remembering the moment
when you said you would
do me a favor
and let me go first.
(gasps)
It's clear from your attitude
that you're a nice guy, Yuya.
But alas, you haven't learned
yet that in a duel,
playing "nice" is the quickest
path to defeat.
By ending your turn now,
you know you can achieve victory
and yet you haven't
made a move.
Perhaps since you're a nice guy,
your sense of fair play
has caused you to hesitate.
Such weakness will inevitably
lead to your downfall.
What is he yakking about!
It don't make
no difference!
Ignore him, Yuya!
Just end your turn!
I'm afraid this is it
for you, Declan.
I'm ending my turn.
Whip Snake's special ability
wears off now,
so Genghis's attack
and defense points
will switch back to
their original totals.
High Dive's effect will
also wear off now.
Whip Snake's attack points
go back to normal, too.
And now, you have to pay off
all the Contracts you activated.
That will cost you
4,000 life points!
Excuse me?
What Contracts?
(all gasp)
Where did they all go!?
My Contracts have
all been broken.
If you had been paying
close attention,
you would have noticed that
I activated a trap.
With Contract Laundering,
I negated the effects
of all my Contracts
and destroyed them.
I guess it's true
what they say‐‐
a contract is only as good
as the card it's written on.
Of course!
The Contract that boosted
Genghis's attack points
was negated,
so when I noticed them
returning to normal,
that was why!
Since he put the kibosh
on those Contracts,
he doesn't take any damage!
Lastly, I draw one card
for each Contract I destroyed.
The duel continues, Yuya!
(growling)
I'll be honest with you,
Declan.
I'm glad I didn't
defeat you just now
for one important reason.
It would've been too easy.
Now I can win with the kind of
dueltaining performance
I learned from my dad!
So then you're carrying on
Yusho Sakaki's legacy?
Huh? You know my dad?
(cackling)
Are you serious?
How could we not know him?
After all, your old man
was a famous duelist!
Yeah, famous for being
a complete chicken!
Be quiet!
Clowns.
Sorry.
I greatly admire
your father's exploits.
Yusho Sakaki made
Action Dueling
as popular and exciting
as it is today.
He was a true pioneer.
I've long wanted
to test myself
against his dueling philosophy,
and now I have the chance.
We must use all our skills.
From here on out,
I won't hold back.
Won't hold back?
So you've been
holding back!?
Perhaps.
From here on out,
I won't hold back.
Won't hold back?
So you've been
holding back!?
Perhaps.
I draw!
I'll summon
a Level 3 Tuner Monster!
My Double‐D Nightowl!
(roaring)
A Tuner Monster?
More like a Tooth Monster!
Perfect.
Now the real duel can begin.
Once I've summoned
this monster,
I can summon another.
It must be a Double‐D monster
that's Level 4 or below
in my graveyard,
and I have to reduce
its attack points
all the way to zero.
I have decided to revive
Double‐D Lilith!
(whimpering)
I tune my Level 3 Double‐D
Nightowl
with my Level 4 Lilith!
(growling)
I Synchro Summon Level 7
Triple‐D Gust King Alexander!
A Synchro Monster?
(all gasp)
So, he can
Synchro Summon, too?
I wonder what else
that guy's been hiding!
I'm not finished.
Flame King Genghis,
activate your special ability
and turn up the heat!
When a Triple‐D monster
other than my Flame King Genghis
is summoned,
I'm then allowed to summon
a Double‐D monster
from my graveyard.
And that's what I'll do!
Arise once again,
Double‐D Lilith!
And as a further twist,
Triple‐D Gust King Alexander's
special ability activates!
Whenever a Double‐D monster
is summoned,
my Gust King can command
another Double‐D monster
to rise from the graveyard
as it will now.
Return to me,
Double‐D Cerberus!
And now, Yuya, I intend to
Overlay my Cerberus and Lilith.
So it begins!
What's beginning!?
Your downfall, of course!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I promise you have never
faced a warrior‐king
as magnificent or commanding
as this one.
I Xyz Summon!
Triple‐D Wave King Caesar!
He can summon
Xyz Monsters, too?
This is blowing Gong's mind!
(sinister laugh)
(whimpering)
He can summon
three different ways?
That's amazing!
I've never seen a duelist
command such power!
I should warn you
that I have not even begun
to unleash my most
powerful monsters.
The worst is yet to come.
That sounds rather terrifying,
don't you think?
I can assure you that
the reality is far worse
(sinister laugh)
♪